build: accept arguments from file with --build-arg-file (#4686)
containers/buildah: docs/buildah-build.1.md

Please refer to the [BUILD TIME VARIABLES](#build-time-variables) section for the
list of variables that can be overridden within the Containerfile at run time.

**--build-arg-file** *path*

> Specifies a file of lines of build arguments of the form arg=value. Suggested file suffix is .Containerargs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a file of lines containing build arguments of the form arg=value. The suggested file suffix is .Containerargs.
```

Reviewer: I'd prefer `argfile.conf`, but at least lower case `.containerargs`

> Comment lines beginning with # are ignored along with blank lines. All others should be of the arg=value format passed to --build-arg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comment lines beginning with `#` are ignored, along with blank lines. All others should be of the `arg=value` format passed to `--build-arg`.
```

> If several --build-arg-file and/or --build-arg arguments are provided, build argumentss will be merged across all provided files and command line arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If several arguments are provided via the `--build-arg-file` and `--build-arg` options are provided, the build arguments will be merged across all the provided files and command line arguments.
```

> Files will be read before command line args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any file provided in a `--build-file-arg` option will be read before the arguments supplied via the `--build-arg` option.
```

> Any file provided in a `--build-file-arg` option will be read before the arguments supplied via the `--build-arg` option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any file provided in a `--build-arg-file` option will be read before the arguments supplied via the `--build-arg` option.
```

> When a given argument name is specified several times, the last instance is the one that is passed to the resulting builds. This means --build-arg values always override those in a --build-arg-file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a given argument name is specified several times, the last instance is the one that is passed to the resulting builds. This means `--build-arg` values always override those in a `--build-arg-file`.
```
